docs(pie-docs): DSW-2211 adding overview of web components (#1589)
justeattakeaway/pie: apps/pie-docs/src/engineers/web-components/overview.md

---
eleventyNavigation:
    key: Overview
    parent: engineers-web-components
    order: 1
permalink: engineers/web-components/
---

## Introduction

[Web Components](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_components) are a set of native browser technologies that allow us to build custom components. In other words, create custom HTML elements native to browsers. 

Currently, this technology is supported by all browsers, making it possible to have one central library that will work with most frontend frameworks.

The long-term aim will be to migrate JET teams over to this Web Component System, so we have one single source of truth for our global PIE components.

---

## Component status

> [pie.design](/) host the documentation for our new Web Components, you can find under `Components` in the navigation bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[pie.design](/) host the documentation for our new Web Components, you can find under **Components** in the navigation bar.
```

I think it would be better to make the Component world bold, since it is not a link or path to a folder

> [pie.design](/) host the documentation for our new Web Components, you can find under **Components** in the navigation bar.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can find the documentation for all of our components on this site in the **Components** section.
```

> For a list of what components are supported in our different libraries please refer to the [Status page](/components/component-status/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For a list of which components are supported in each of our libraries, please refer to the [Component Status page](/components/component-status/).
```

___

## Getting started

For every framework, you can start with our [Prerequisites Guide](https://github.com/justeattakeaway/pie/wiki/Getting-started-with-PIE-Web-Components).

> For more specific frameworks, please follow this guides:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For specific framework versions, please follow these guides:
```

[Vue 3 Integration Guide](https://github.com/justeattakeaway/pie/wiki/PIE-Web-Components-%E2%80%90-Vue-Integration-Guide)

[Nuxt 3 Integration Guide](https://github.com/justeattakeaway/pie/wiki/PIE-Web-Components-%E2%80%90-Nuxt-3)

[Vue & Nuxt ‐ Known gotchas](https://github.com/justeattakeaway/pie/wiki/Vue-Nuxt-%E2%80%90-Known-gotchas)

For existing users, you may be interested in our [Migration guide of Web Components to Lit 3](https://github.com/justeattakeaway/pie/wiki/PIE-Web-Components-%E2%80%90-Nuxt-2---Next-10---Vue-2-Integration). This guide also details some specific configurations for React, Next and Vue2.

> More guidelines coming soon! 🚀

Reviewer 2: Guides or guidelines?

> More guidelines coming soon! 🚀

Author: ```suggestion
More guides coming soon! 🚀
```
